CNV-52855: UDN localnet (#93859)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-creating-secondary-udn-namespace.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-secondary-udn.adoc              

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE                                    
[id="virt-creating-secondary-udn-namespace_{context}"]                                   
= Creating a namespace for secondary user-defined networks by using the CLI

You can create a namespace to be used with an existing secondary cluster-scoped user-defined network (CUDN) by using the CLI.

.Prerequisites

> * You have access to the cluster as a user with `cluster-admin` permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can login to the cluster as a user with `cluster-admin` permissions.
```

> * You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the {oc-first}.
```

.Procedure

> . Create a `Namespace` object as a YAML file similar to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a `Namespace` object similar to the following example:
```
I don't think Kubernetes objects are defined other ways in these cases, so you can skip mentioning YAML here

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
.Example `Namespace` YAML
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:

>   name: cudn_namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: cudn_namespace # <1>
```

# ...
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Replace <cudn_namespace> with the name you want to use.
```
